---
layout: post
title: 
modified: 2015-07-06 12:45:05 +0100
category: []
---

# Micro Talk (5 minutes):

## hackbases - journey to *off the grid*

### Speaker 

Michał Stefanów (michalstefanow.com), Michal Stefanow Ltd

Slides: [bit.ly/hackbases](bit.ly/hackbases)

### Synopsis

The hackbase started as "Cyberhippietotalism" or "CHT#1" in 2011. 
After 3 years as a rented house, the second version of the base restarted in November 2014, 
as an off-grid camp & research initiative, scheming to buy first plot of land 
and settle in the same area: north of Lanzarote, Canary Islands.

<hr>

# 1st Talk (short)

## Multi-Vectored Web Application Exploitation

### Speaker

Freddie Barr-Smith

### Synopsis

In this talk I aim to give a practical introduction to basic web application
exploitation. Attack vectors such as browser hacking, cross-site scripting
and SQL injection are often demeaned. There are many critical services contained
within the application layer such as online banking, social networking and email.
The vast majority of vulnerabilities found nowadays are injection or XSS based
and it is possible to leverage access gained via application-layer attacks.

<hr>

# 2nd Talk (long)

## OWASP mobile top ten

### Speaker

Paco Hope [@pacohope](https://twitter.com/@pacohope), Cigital

Paco Hope is a security consultant at Cigital who has helped software firms
secure their software for nearly 15 years in a variety of industries like
financial services, retail, and embedded systems. He is the author of two
books on security, the most recent being the Web Security Testing Cookbook.
He helps (ISC)² develop the Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional
(CSSLP) and CISSP certifications.

### Synopsis

OWASP’s Mobile Top Ten (MTT) Risks project has been around for a few years and
has changed shape several times during those years. In 2015 we’re remaking it
with reference data from several security consultancies. Paco Hope is helping
to shape the 2015 version of the MTT and will share where it has been, where it
is, and where it’s going. More info is available at:
[OWASP Top 10 Mobile Risks](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects/OWASP_Mobile_Security_Project_-_Top_Ten_Mobile_Risks)
