---
layout: post
title: 
pubdate: 2015-07-20 13:22:04 +0100
categories: talk
---

# 1st Talk (short)

## Financial Crime and infosec - what has happened before and what is yet to come

### Speaker

Marcelo Mansur ([@thatinfosecrec](https://twitter.com/thatinfosecrec), thatinfosecrec at redbluesecurity.org)

### Synopsis

This talk will cover a number of financial crimes from boiler room investment
scams and stock fraud to insider trading and false rumour spreading. Taking a
look at the rise of hedge funds after the tech bubble burst and detailing a
number of methods used to cover their tracks, I will be explaining how the
ever-growing number of cyber criminals will be more equipped than ever to
profit from their business.

<hr>

# 2nd Talk (short)

## This should not exist: WebEMV

### Speaker

Yvan Janssens ([@friedkiwi](https://twitter.com/friedkiwi))

Yvan is perennially running out of storage space to store IBM minicomputers. His
friends tend to see him as a very elaborate schemer, with a thorough experience
in payment systems and bullshitting his way out of messy situations. Paperclips
are his favourite glitching tool.

### Synopsis


Everybody knows that attaching a chip&pin card with a PIN code next to it to the
internet is probably not a good idea. But that doesn't mean it can't be done.
Today I will be presenting the 1.0 release of a web-based EMV-CAP OTP generator,
as used in battery operated form by several large banks. We will explore all the
design flaws in my implementation, possible ways to fix them and caveats which
might need some creativity to work around. Source code included!

