---
layout: post
title: 
pubdate: 2016-02-24 01:00:00
categories: talk
---

# 1st Talk

## An Apologia (not an Apology) for Professional Security Certifications


### Speaker

Paco Hope ([@pacohope](https://twitter.com/pacohope))

### Synopsis

There are many professional certifications in information security. At times
knowledgeable security experts dismiss them as useless (meaning they don't
tell you anything) or even worse (that they give a false qualification).
There's a lot that goes into these exams, and much of it is backed up by good
science and solid practices. We'll start with a few opinions on what
certifications are and what they aren
t. We'll talk about psychometrics and
what goes into a exam item. We'll talk about the exam lifecycle and ISO/IEC 17024
(did you know there was an ISO standard for managing professional certifications?
Of course there is...) Having laid a bit of groundwork, Paco is volunteering to be
a punching bag, effigy, and/or scapegoat for a big hunk of the professional
certification industry. Got a view on professional certs? Are they worth getting?
Why or why not? We'll have some open (and maybe a bit sweary) dialogue about the
plusses and minuses of certifications. It is important to note that Paco speaks
from his own opinions and experiences here and does not represent (ISC)<sup>2</sup> or Cigital
in this discussion. NDAs govern a lot of the professional certification development
work, so some of these discussions will have to be abstract and general.

### About Paco Hope

For about 14 years Paco has been a security consultant helping banks, retailers,
and start-ups write secure software. He's done a little of everything from secure
user stories, to secure code, to secure design reviews. He's held the CISSP for
13 years and the CSSLP for 8 years (paying those AMFs and turning in those CPEs
year after year) and he writes exam items for both those exams. When he's not busy
at work, you can find him

* smoking cigars
* drinking whisky
* travelling
* all of the above

<hr>

# 2nd Talk

## ???

### You?

If you would like to provide a talk please drop a message to
[{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) (We have a
projector with HDMI & VGA inputs if you want to show slides.)
