---
layout: post
title: 
pubdate: 2015-12-16 13:37:00
categories: talk
---

# 1st Talk

## Warranty Void if Label Removed – Attacking MPLS Networks

### Speaker

Georgi Geshev ([@munmap](https://twitter.com/munmap)), (MWR InfoSecurity [@mwrinfosecurity](https://twitter.com/mwrinfosecurity))

### Synopsis

Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) is certainly the most
prevalent service provider technology used by major players
to build and offer highly scalable value-added services
allowing reliable transport of data and latency-sensitive
traffic like voice and video. It turns out MPLS has remained
largely unexplored by the security community and very little
security research has ever been done in this area.

This talk will be a walk-through of research findings from
assessing multiple MPLS implementations and the various key
weaknesses that were found to affect a number of leading
vendors. General MPLS and MPLS related terms and concepts
will be briefly introduced to the audience, followed by an
overview of a typical service provider network, classic
topologies and basic traffic engineering strategies.
Several network reconnaissance techniques will be presented
that allow an adversary to partially or, in some cases,
fully reveal the MPLS backbone Label Switching Router (LSR)
interconnections by leaking internal LSR IP addresses. The
attack scenarios against service provider infrastructure
will then be followed by attacks on customers of the MPLS
domain. It should be noted that none of the examples and
demonstrations require access to the MPLS backbone, i.e.
attacks are executed from the perspective of a client of
the MPLS domain. This talk will be concluded with both
general and, where applicable, vendor specific best
practices and recommendations on reducing the attack
surface of an MPLS network.

# 2nd Talk

## Stop Cybercrime, Protect Privacy, Save World

### Speaker

Chris Monteiro ([@Deku_shrub](https://twitter.com/Deku_shrub)), ([pirate.london](http://pirate.london))

### Synopsis

With the poor state of computer security and the ubiquity of data breaches,
we appear to be headed in a one-way road to a post-privacy society. Some insight
into the history and contemporary structure of cybercrime and financial fraud aims
to illustrate the key players and methodologies of the shadow online economy, its
implications and maybe even some infosec solutions with wider applications.
