---
layout: post
title: 
pubdate: 2016-09-08 01:00:00
categories: talk
---

# 1st Talk

## FREEMAN - The Perils of Security Abandonware

### Speaker

Andy Settle ([@iC3N1](https://twitter.com/iC3N1))

### Synopsis

Everyone loves OllyDBG.  For many reasons, including the
number and diversity of plug-ins available.  Many of the plug-ins are
used within both the security research community as well as by some bad
people.  Some even have vulnerabilities,  we know this because we have
found one (maybe two-ish).  Knowing this allows us to pop-calc, but this
not really the story we want to tell.  The fact that OllyDBG and some of
it's plug-ins are now 'abandonware' serves as an object lesson to us in
the security community, and one we need to learn from before pointing
and laughing at users who still have macros enabled by default in
Microsoft Office.


# 2nd Talk

## Why I'm Better Than H D Moore

### Nick Drage ([@SonOfSunTzu](https://twitter.com/SonOfSunTzu))

### Synopsis

As a testing lab H D Moore tried setting up many machines connected
through KVMs, he sensibly gave up and ran everything as virtual machines
instead.

I tried harder.

I've been geeking and working from home in the same space for over a
decade, and for various reasons I've persevered with my KVM setup,
gradually adding more and more devices and functionality. In that time
I've learnt a lot about what does and doesn't work, what to use and what
to avoid, as well as how to manage your productivity and attention.
I'll give you a ten year head start on how to build or change your
current environment.

Alternatively this is a talk about feature creep.