---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2018-08-28 12:00:00
categories: talk
---

# First Talk

## Wagging The Tail - Covert Passive Surveillance and how to make their life difficult

### Speakers

Si

### Synopsis

In this modern digital age of technically competent adversaries we forget that there may still be a need to conduct old school physical surveillance against a target. Many organisations utilise surveillance teams and these may be in-house in the case of government agencies or third-party teams contracted for a specific task and their targets range from suspected terrorists to people accused of bogus insurance claims.

Whilst most people think that they may never be placed under surveillance some professions increase this probability. For example, if you are a member of the press with sources that you only meet face to face you could be a target especially if the source is a whistleblower or has information that their employer would rather they didn't give to you. Would it seem far-fetched to think that a hacker, security researcher or a member of the EFF could be placed under surveillance?

These teams are not the lone Private Investigator sat in their car at the bottom of your street but are highly trained individuals whose job is to remain undetected. Their mission is to observe and identify interactions and document everything they see. They aim to be "The Grey Man", that person, when asked to describe, you are unable to. Their techniques have changed very little over decades because they work.

This talk will focus on mobile and foot surveillance techniques used by surveillance teams. It will also include tips on identifying if you are under surveillance and how to make their life difficult.

<hr>

# Second Talk

## No second talk yet

<hr>

We're always happy for more talks, so if you've implemented Meltdown on your smartwatch,
want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into upcoming privacy
regulations, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title,
synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't spoken before.

