---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2018-05-25 2:00:00
categories: talk
---

# First Talk

## Intended Consequences

Usability with, and in face of, auditors.

### Speaker

Mika Boström

### Synopsis

The unholy trinity of security, usability and auditor
agreeableness comes off as an extreme tradeoff, with one out of three
considered an acceptable compromise. This talk covers an approach, with
real examples, that has made it possible to cover all three at the same
time.

<hr>

# Second Talk

## A talk about certain stuffs...

### Speaker

Bigezy ([@bigezy_](https://twitter.com/@bigezy_))

### Synopsis

This talk will be about about the fusion of real data modeling and the
development of tools to instrument impact for individual state machines
that work in a system of devices. It will be a mix of the scientific
discoveries that are being made by the analysis of real ICS data and
the emergence of tools that can model impact of incidents in digitally
controlled systems that provide for critical functions in industrial
settings. Or something even more interesting if I am drunk when the
talk starts. I will be at the Phoenix early for those interested in
making the talk a bit more colorful by plying the speaker with drinks before the talk.

### About Bigezy

Bigezy is a critical infrastructure defender and has spoken at many
conferences including Blackhat, Defcon, Troopers, Hackito, H2HC, and
many others. He also hold a defcon black badge from Defcon 11 for
wardriving. During Defcon 24 he released Pinworm a tool for man in
the middle of social media metadata and also released a different
toolset CyPSA for cyber physical impact analysis at BsidesLV.
Between those two releases bigezy somehow found the time to captain
the victorious Hacker Jeopardy team “We fucked it up!” 11 beers
drank during the final round.

<hr>

We're always happy for more talks, so if you've implemented Meltdown on your smartwatch,
want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into upcoming privacy
regulations, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title,
synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't spoken before.

