---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2018-07-04 16:00:00
categories: talk
---

# First Talk

## Biohacking: The Past and the Future, From the Penicillin to RFID implants

### Speakers

John & Ashley

### Synopsis

This will be a brief history of Biohacking with emphasis to the utilisation of modern technologies and mostly RFID implants.
How the industry has involved from a (quick) biological perspective to a more technical prespective.

<hr>

# Second Talk

## VPN's and You: Why the consumer VPN market is a bit broken

### Speaker

Jack Wilson

### Synopsis

Due to the increasing number of recommendations for consumers to use a VPN, more app developers are creating VPN apps
and publishing them on the Apple App Store and Google Play Store. In this 'gold rush', apps are being developed quickly
and, in turn, not being developed with security fully in mind.

This talk discusses some of the issues with consumer VPN's, some public demonstrations of good and bad trust from VPN
providers along with a spot of threat modelling. The second part of the talk discusses some of the results of my recently
completed dissertation research where I investigated a selection of iOS VPN clients and tested them for common security
misconfigurations that can lead to a reduction in privacy for users.

<hr>

We're always happy for more talks, so if you've implemented Meltdown on your smartwatch,
want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into upcoming privacy
regulations, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title,
synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't spoken before.

