---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2018-03-23 14:00:00
categories: talk
---
# Talk

## XFLTReaT tunnelling framework

### Speaker

Balazs Bucsay ([@xoreipeip](https://twitter.com/xoreipeip))

### Synopsis

XFLTReaT is a Python based tunnelling framework that unifies all tunnelling tools
that are out there. It already supports many protocols and more are coming. It is
really convenient to use, open-sourced and a should be community developed. The
newest two additions are the split tunnelling feature that gives you the opportunity
to only access a set of IPs over the tunnel and the RDP module which allows you to
test over RDP jump boxes. By combining these two, it is now possible to test
segregated network from your favourite Kali, Minix or GNU Hurd box.

A few short demos will be included in the presentation to show the power behind the framework.

<hr>

# Second Talk

## Blockchain BS:  How to lose ALL your money using cryptocurrencies!

### Speaker

Angus Maidment (http://www.angusmaidment.com)

### Synopsis

We've all heard about the overnight millionaires and newly financially independent 24 year olds after the Bitcoin bonanza, so how can you do the same??  Angus Maidment, co-founder of Blockchain Beginners, will tell us that there's actually a whole bunch of ways to end up looking like a sucker in the world of crypto!  We will talk about how insanely dangerous investing in crypto actually is, but you wont be seeing any charts or prices here.  Instead, we will take a look round some of the more ridiculous things happening in the blockchain world, laugh at them a bit, and maybe hear a little about what Blockchain Beginners is doing in an attempt to mitigate all this BS!

<hr>

We're always happy for more talks, so if you've implemented Meltdown on your smartwatch,
want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into upcoming privacy
regulations, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title,
synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't spoken before.

