---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2019-10-30 02:17:00
categories: talk
---

# First Talk

## Bluetooth Security: Where are we now and how did we get here?

### Speaker

Craig Heath ([@heathcr](https://twitter.com/heathcr))

### Synopsis

Bluetooth has been around now for 20 years; over that time the number of security features in the specification has greatly increased, but many of those security features are optional and may or may not be implemented by device vendors.  This talk gives a brief overview of the evolution of Bluetooth security features, then going into detail on how the security characteristics of a Bluetooth connection are determined, depending on which features are implemented by the vendors of the devices involved.  We conclude by covering the questions that vendors need to answer, to determine whether the security of their device is adequate for its intended purpose.

[Slides](https://www.slideshare.net/heathcr/dc4420-bluetooth-security)

<hr>

# Second Talk

## "Alethia" GPU enabled file carving

### Speaker

Corey Forbes ([@yeroc_sebrof](https://twitter.com/yeroc_sebrof))

### Synopsis

This talk will discuss the findings from my Dissertation regarding the use of General Purpose Graphical Processing Units (GPGPU) for file carving and how it these methods can be used by other similar tooling such as: live memory forensics, IPS/IDS solutions, virus signature checks, etc.

This research was focused to improve file carving as the open-source tools available are poorly optimised and are still regularly used in this sector. This talk will introduce the topic of file carving in a manner that caters to all level of skill. This will be followed by a discussion of optimisations that exist within other contexts but have not been applied to this use case. Finally the results of my dissertation will be presented.

<hr>

We're always happy for more talks, so if you've implemented Meltdown on your smartwatch,
want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into upcoming privacy
regulations, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title,
synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't spoken before.
