---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2019-05-27 12:00:00
categories: talk
---

# First Talk

## DNP3 and Modbus and Data Science

### Speaker

Bigezy ([@bigezy_](https://twitter.com/@bigezy_))

### Synopsis

This talk will provide a research update on data science and its application inside SCADA networks that use DNP3 andModbus. Initial research results have results have created papers and pretty graphs. But, bigezy will be coming to DC4420 to provide an update on what it's like to observe PhD's in their natural habitat observing real data acting as a cross reference to the validity of synthetic data and finding that often this creates more questions than have been answered. If you are interested in finding out about these research trends, come join us for this talk. If the thought of categorizing SCADA data terrifies you, come anyway, the Phoenix has alcohol.

<hr>

# Second Talk

## The Art of Defeating Facial Recognition

### Speaker

Vic Harkness ([@VicHarkness](https://twitter.com/VicHarkness)) ([website](https://vicharkness.co.uk/))

### Synopsis

Privacy is not just an issue of interest to techies.  People within the art community are not happy with the idea of ubiquitous facial recognition systems, leading some people to develop techniques to defeat said systems.  This talk will provide a high-level overview of the general techniques used by facial recognition systems, and discuss some of the methodologies being used to defeat them (with special attention being paid to artistic solutions). 

<hr>

We're always happy for more talks, so if you've implemented Meltdown on your smartwatch,
want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into upcoming privacy
regulations, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title,
synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't spoken before.


