---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2025-09-01 12:05:00
categories: talk
---
# First talk

## No Pilot! The Emerging Security Risks of Copilot

### Speaker

[Thomas Atkinson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thomas-atkinson-hacker)

### Synopsis

Synopsis: Microsoft Copilot is fast being rolled out across organisations everywhere but what does this mean for
security? This is an in depth discussion on the emerging security risks associated with Copilot deployment in an
organisation. We will explore the threats, the details and implications of their exploitation, what can be done to
defend and secure Copilot; and we will reveal a new zero day exploit in Copilot (first disclosed at 44con).

# Second talk

## (Virtual) Wargaming of a Chemical Plant

### Speaker

Martyn Smith

### Synopsis

Plant have become increasingly worried about Operational Technology breaches, but with different skillsets, threat profiles, and operating assumptions to IT - including almost no testing on live systems - how do you effectively test current or proposed safeguards? We will explore challenges in modelling attacks on a chemical plant, how ML might feature, and how research might map to real life. Some Fortran included, thanks to improved engineering controls HAZMAT suit no longer necessary.

# Future talks

We're still trying to build up a backlog of talks. If you've implemented a C2 on a smartwatch, want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into the breakdown of security cooperation globally, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title, synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't presented before.

We're also happy to host other activities, like lockpicking, or demoing a new piece of kit, just let us know.

# New location

We are no longer at the Phoenix! The next meeting will be at:

**The Greene Man**<br/>
383 Euston Road<br/>
London NW1 3AU

Closest stations: Great Portland Street, Warren Street, Euston.

We'll start around 7:30pm as usual, but feel free to turn up from 6:30pm to settle in.
