---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2025-06-25 13:00:00
categories: talk
---
# First talk

## My hacking adventures as a software dev

### Speaker

[Daniel Raines](https://www.linkedin.com/in/danielraines/)

### Synopsis

What happens when a software developer takes a closer look at the physical access control solutions he integrates with, finds issues and reports them?

This talk covers the good, the bad and the ugly!

I will discuss the vulnerabilities found and the responses received from multiple manufacturers.

# Second talk

## TBC

### Speaker

You?

### Synopsis

We don't yet have a second talk for this month. We usually have a longer main talk (~45 mins), and a second talk that is shorter and on a tangentially-related or humorous topic.


# Future talks

We're still trying to build up a backlog of talks. If you've implemented a C2 on a smartwatch, want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into the breakdown of security cooperation globally, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title, synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't presented before.

We're also happy to host other activities, like lockpicking, or demoing a new piece of kit, just let us know.

# New location

We are no longer at the Phoenix! The next meeting will be at:

**The Greene Man**<br/>
383 Euston Road<br/>
London NW1 3AU

Closest stations: Great Portland Street, Warren Street, Euston.

We'll start around 7:30pm as usual, but feel free to turn up from 6:30pm to settle in.
