---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2025-05-16 13:00:00
categories: talk
---
# First talk

## Is Your Phone Spying on You? An In-Depth Analysis of Vulnerabilities in Cisco VoIP Phones

### Speaker

[Balazs Bucsay](https://twitter.com/xoreipeip), [Mantra Information Security](https://mantrainfosec.com)

### Synopsis

Do you trust the embedded devices around you? Perhaps you shouldn't! Even industry giants make significant mistakes. In this presentation, we will analyse Cisco's VoIP phones, that can be found in offices, governmental buildings, and even the White House. These devices were found to have critical vulnerabilities, including easily exploitable flaws.

Fun Fact: Did you know that President Biden and Trump used these phones?

Among the vulnerabilities discovered was unauthenticated packet capture, allowing attackers to intercept and listen to any phone call made or received on the device. We'll demonstrate live how simple it is to intercept, reconstruct, and listen to a phone call.

This presentation will dive into other issues uncovered during the blackbox testing of these devices. We'll also discuss what Cisco could have done differently to prevent these vulnerabilities and provide guidance on how to avoid similar pitfalls. Additionally, we are going explore the challenges and importance of thorough blackbox testing.

Join us for a comprehensive look at the security flaws in trusted devices and learn how to protect against them.


# Second talk

## Slightly SOSL'ed: Locating And Testing SOSL Injection

### Speaker

[Nick Dunn](https://bsky.app/profile/n1ckdunn.bsky.social)

### Synopsis

The Salesforce platform allows a platform-specific vulnerability within the
Apex code, known as SOSL injection; while conceptually similar to SQL
injection, the testing and exploitation entails different payloads and
approaches.
With concerns stemming from the minimal documentation available online, the
exploration will attempt to shed light on the Apex code and custom API
issue - its consequences and the working methods for detecting and confirming the existence of the vulnerabilities found within; probing in
detail the different payloads useful for detection and exploitation, the
consequences of a vulnerable site and finally, discussions on solutions to
fix the occurrences of the issue.


# Future talks

We're still trying to build up a backlog of talks. If you've implemented a C2 on a smartwatch, want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into the breakdown of security cooperation globally, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title, synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't presented before.

# New location

We are no longer at the Phoenix! The next meeting will be at:

**The Greene Man**<br/>
383 Euston Road<br/>
London NW1 3AU

Closest stations: Great Portland Street, Warren Street, Euston.

We'll start around 7:30pm as usual.
