---
layout: post
title:
pubdate: 2025-08-11 21:34:00
categories: talk
---
# First talk

## What's actually on the dark web? What's real and what's not? Because fake things can't hurt you and don't matter right?

### Speaker

Chris Monteiro ([web](https://pirate.london), [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/dekushrub.bsky.social), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Deku_shrub))

### Synopsis

Chris Monteiro spent 9 years of fighting a fake darknet market for murder, where the clients were deadly serious. What's it like to be a one man international investigator, and how journalists and volunteers can help with legal issues against a ticking clock.


# Second talk

## Phrack's 40th Anniversary

### Speaker

Skyper

### Synopsis

[Phrack](https://phrack.org/) is 40 this year. Skyper has offered to bring along some hardcopies for people to read, and will give a short talk.


# Future talks

We're still trying to build up a backlog of talks. If you've implemented a C2 on a smartwatch, want to walk us through the highlights of a CTF, or have some insight into the breakdown of security cooperation globally, we're interested!

Drop a message to [{{ site.email }}](mailto:{{ site.email }}) with a title, synopsis and rough length, and don't worry if you haven't presented before.

We're also happy to host other activities, like lockpicking, or demoing a new piece of kit, just let us know.

# New location

We are no longer at the Phoenix! The next meeting will be at:

**The Greene Man**<br/>
383 Euston Road<br/>
London NW1 3AU

Closest stations: Great Portland Street, Warren Street, Euston.

We'll start around 7:30pm as usual, but feel free to turn up from 6:30pm to settle in.
